# Overview

My app is a player vs player game, where two people have to compete against each other until somebody loses. The game has three stages a build stage, an active stage and a buying stage. After the first two stages either somebody already lost or if both players survived the active stage they progress in the next level with again a build and an active stages but with some new features they get from the buying stage. For example in the first level of the game player 1 can tap three times on different places on his smart phone display and on any of these three positions there will appear a circle and he will be apply to click on the ready button, which ends the building stage. Player 2 also positioned his three circles and pressed ready and after both players confirm there input a countdown of three seconds appears on his screen. After the countdown finished a circle will appear on the position player 1 placed his first circle in his building stage and after a short period of time the second circle and so on. Player 2 has to click on each circle in the order they appear before they disappear again. So he ether press the circles in time or he lost but when each player failed the active stage the stage just gets repeated. When both players got through a level they get a point, which they will be able two invest in a variety of things. Example one more circle to place, the circle appears faster for the other player, the other player has less building time, you get one circle they other player is not allowed to press, you get a smaller circle, you get a circle that has to get pressed twice, ...